an Egyptian football player Muhammad
Salah is calling for an end to what he's
described as massacres in Gaza the
football Ford made his first public
comments on social media after being
criticized for staying
silent the maskers need to stop families
are being turn
apart what's clear now is that
humanitarian Aid to Gaza must be allowed
immediately the people there are in
terrible
conditions the scenes that the hospital
last night were
horrifying the people of Gaza need food
water and medical supplies urgently I'm
calling in the world leaders to come
together to prevent the further
Slaughter of innocent Souls Humanity
must prevail